Fix issues (#43)
greenelab/simulate-expression-compendia: README.md

| Name | Description |
| :--- | :---------- |
| local_dir| str: Parent directory on local machine to store intermediate results.|

> | scaler_transform_file| str: File name to store mapping from normalized to raw gene expression range. This is an intermediate file that gets generated.|

Reviewer: You may want to add what script generates `scaler_transform_file`

| dataset_name| str: Name for analysis directory. Either "Human" or "Pseudomonas". If you created a new analysis directory this is the name of that new directory created in step 6 above.|
| simulation_type | str: "sample_lvl_sim" (simulated based on randomly sampling the latent space) or "experiment_lvl_sim" (simulation based on shifting in the latent space).|
| NN_architecture | str: Name of neural network architecture to use. Format 'NN_<intermediate layer>_<latent layer>'.|
| learning_rate| float: Step size used for gradient descent. In other words, it's how quickly the  methods is learning.|
| batch_size | str: Training is performed in batches. So this determines the number of samples to consider at a given time.|
| epochs | int: Number of times to train over the entire input dataset.|
| kappa | float: How fast to linearly ramp up KL loss.|
| intermediate_dim| int: Size of the hidden layer.|
| latent_dim | int: Size of the bottleneck layer.|
| epsilon_std | float: Standard deviation of Normal distribution to sample latent space.|
| validation_frac | float: Fraction of input samples to use to validate for VAE training.|

> | num_simulated_samples | int: Simulate a compendia with this number of samples. Used if simulateion_type == "sample_lvl_sample"|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| num_simulated_samples | int: Simulate a compendium with this number of samples. Used if simulation_type == "sample_lvl_sample"|
```

> | num_simulated_experiments| int: Simulate a compendia with this number of experiments. Used if simulateion_type == "experiment_lvl_sample"|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| num_simulated_experiments| int: Simulate a compendium with this number of experiments. Used if simulation_type == "experiment_lvl_sample"|
```
